d:\myconfiguration\ypm3163\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\LotteryTicketQuery.web.dll
d:\myconfiguration\ypm3163\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\LotteryTicketQuery.web.pdb
d:\myconfiguration\ypm3163\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
d:\myconfiguration\ypm3163\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
d:\myconfiguration\ypm3163\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
d:\myconfiguration\ypm3163\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
d:\myconfiguration\ypm3163\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
d:\myconfiguration\ypm3163\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
d:\myconfiguration\ypm3163\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
d:\myconfiguration\ypm3163\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
d:\myconfiguration\ypm3163\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
d:\myconfiguration\ypm3163\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
d:\myconfiguration\ypm3163\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
d:\myconfiguration\ypm3163\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
d:\myconfiguration\ypm3163\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
d:\myconfiguration\ypm3163\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
d:\myconfiguration\ypm3163\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
d:\myconfiguration\ypm3163\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
d:\myconfiguration\ypm3163\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.resources.dll
d:\myconfiguration\ypm3163\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Providers.resources.dll
d:\myconfiguration\ypm3163\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication1\MvcApplication1\obj\Debug\LotteryTicketQuery.web.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\myconfiguration\ypm3163\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication1\MvcApplication1\obj\Debug\LotteryTicketQuery.web.dll
d:\myconfiguration\ypm3163\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication1\MvcApplication1\obj\Debug\LotteryTicketQuery.web.pdb
